[PyROOT] Add section on how to use libs with dictionaries from Python. (#336)
root-project/web: manual/python/index.md

- `SetOwnership(obj, python_owns)`: a Python proxy can either own or not own its internal C++ object. If a Python proxy owns its C++ object and the proxy is being destroyed, the C++ object will be deleted too. This ownership can be modified for a given Python proxy with `SetOwnership`. For example, when calling `SetOwnership(obj, False)`, the user makes sure that the C++ object proxied by `obj` will not be deleted by PyROOT when `obj` is garbage collected; this is useful e.g. if the user knows the deletion will happen in C++ and wants to prevent a double delete. This functionality should be used with care not to produce memory leaks.

## Loading user libraries & Just-In-Time compilation (JITting)

> PyROOT allows to use *any C++ library* from Python, not only ROOT's libraries. This is possible thanks to the automatic and dynamic bindings between Python and C++ that PyROOT provides.

Reviewer: I liked the ":" after `PyROOT provides:`, because it explains why it is automatic and dynamic.

Author: A British native speaker once told me that one almost never uses colons in English. That's why they disappeared. I can re-introduce them if you want.

> Without any prior generation of wrappers, at execution time, PyROOT can load C++ code, and call its functions.

Reviewer: Why changing this into `call its functions` instead of call into C++ code? It makes it too specific.

Author: I thought that technically, you never call C++ code. You can load and compile it, but after it has been compiled, it's actually not code, any more, isn't it?
If you want, we can change this. I suggest you just edit in place using a github annotation.

Reviewer: I think it's fine if we allow ourselves that little misuse, better than being too specific. Suggesting!

> Without any prior generation of wrappers, at execution time, PyROOT can load C++ code, and call its functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without any prior generation of wrappers, at execution time, PyROOT can load C++ code and call into it.
```

This allows for writing high-performance C++, compiling it, and using it from Python.
The following options are available, ordered by complexity and performance:

> 1. [Just-in-time compilation of small strings](#JITString): Small functions and classes to be used from Python, testing

Reviewer: instead of just `, testing` perhaps `. Useful for testing/rapid exploration/debugging` ?

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Just-in-time compilation of small strings](#JITString): Small functions and classes to be used from Python. Also useful for testing and debugging.
```

x = ROOT.f(3)  # x = 9
```

<a name="JITLoadDict"></a>
### 4. Loading a library with ROOT dictionaries

For larger analysis frameworks, one may not want to compile the headers each time the Python interpreter is started. One may also

> want to read or write custom C++/C objects in ROOT files, and use them with RDataFrame or similar tools.

Reviewer: `RDataFrame` in backticks

Author: Github suggestions!

Author: ```suggestion
want to read or write custom C++/C objects in ROOT files, and use them with `RDataFrame` or similar tools.
```

1. Have ROOT generate a dictionary file of all relevant headers. Use a [`LinkDef.h` file]({{ '/manual/interacting-with-shared-libraries/#selecting-dictionary-entries-linkdefh' | relative_url }})
   to select which classes or functions ROOT should be in the dictionary.

   The corresponding cmake instructions would look similar to this:
   ```cmake
   # Generate G__AnalysisLib.cxx with all the necessary class info:
   ROOT_GENERATE_DICTIONARY(G__AnalysisLib inc/classA.h inc/classB.h ...
                             LINKDEF LinkDef.h)

    add_library(AnalysisLib SHARED
       src/classA.cxx
       src/classB.cxx
       ...
       G__AnalysisLib.cxx) # Important: Here, all dictionary info is directly compiled into the library.

    # Ensure dictionary is generated before compiling the library:
    add_dependencies(AnalysisLib G__AnalysisLib)
   ```
1. Work on C++, and compile the library using CMake.
1. Load the library (libraries) with high-performance C++ and dictionaries in one go:
   ```python
   import ROOT
   ROOT.gSystem.Load('./libAnalysisLib.so')
   ```

>    The loading of C++ libraries can even be automated using the `__init__.py` of a python package.

Reviewer: Uppercase `Python`

Author: Github suggestions!

Author: ```suggestion
   The loading of C++ libraries can even be automated using the `__init__.py` of a Python package.
```
